hey folks so the other day I was invited
to the world-renowned River cottage and
went on their fishing courses which is
really really cool we were like fishing
by the sea for a few hours there's loads
of us the first time ever fished in my
life Alf was going to hook my ear but
was a really cool experience and then we
went back to River cottage and learnt
how to prepare fish which was really
cool too and while I was there I did a
video collaboration and learnt how to
make and this is no lie the best fish
and chips in the world I have ever ever
ever ever tasted and today I replicated
it at home if you wanna watch the
original video of me learning go check
out and subscribe to river cottage
channel but this is how I just made it
and it is amazing we'll start off with a
homemade chunky tartar sauce in a bar
can buy the mayonnaise two chopped
hard-boiled eggs capers some fresh dill
that I chopped up a shallot that I
chopped so nice and fine and half a
lemon just to juice only give it a good
mix together and that is the tartar
sauce done next I made the squished peas
with butter and mint so so good in a pan
I poured in my peas with a little bit of
water and just simmered them through for
around about three to four minutes until
they were cooked drain them off and
dollop in my butter and mint turned off
the heat and use the residual heat to
just mix it through melt the butter and
believe it or not all we want to do then
is squish it with the back of a wooden
spoon and that is done too for the beer
batter for our fish all it did was grab
a bowl plunked in our plain flour a
little pinch of salt just to season it a
little bit and gradually added in some
beer whisking it add in a little bit
more until it was nice and smooth and
kind like the thick consistency of cream
and if you've got any leftover I've got
too much so like it's a good excuse to
drink it up so just leave your batter to
one side just for a minute for the chips
I use Maris Piper potatoes here is the
lifecycle so you've got an unpeeled one
a peeled one and ones that I've sliced
into chips they slice me the chips and
tip them into a pan of simmering water
for around about 90 seconds to two
minutes and then just drain it off
straight away for a colander while you
empty your pan get a slightly larger one
fill it with this sunflower oil and get
it nice and hot fry their chips
initially for five minutes until they
just start to go Brown and then you
should drain your own kitchen towel I
didn't have any left
so I tipped it through a colander into a
pan and then shook them onto a tea towel
and just dabbed it a little bit
that worked out right and then cranked
up the heat on the hog to get the oil a
little hotter put the chips back in and
cook them through until they're nice and
golden-brown and repeated that draining
off step so put it on a kitchen towel if
not or I did mine for the Condor and tea
towel style baby don't you fish into the
pre-made batter and make sure it's nice
and coated shaking off any excess and
dump it straight into that pan where the
chips have just came out of so the oil
is nice and hot
they want to cook it through for around
about four or five minutes until it's
nice and golden brown and then all you
got to do then is plonk it on a plate
and serve it all up it is looking
amazing trust me that is so good oh my
goodness guys when I first learned how
to make this over at River cottage I
said at the time it is the best fish and
chips I've ever tasted which is a bold
statement because I live by the sea here
in the UK where fish and chips is super
traditional but it's so much flavor in
it I don't want to put any salt or any
vinegar or ketchup anything like that so
many flavor dimensions the tartar sauce
is chunky I could just eat that as it is
on its own we've got a buttery mini peas
as well so so good so if you have a go
at this recipe send me a picture
@myvirginkitchen remember to check out
the original video over on the river
cottage channel of me learning how to
make this and go subscribe too while
you're there and I think it's only fair
I eat all of this right now see you next
time